You said I stole your stuff.
Where did that come from?
At first, you only loved Hengdao and stole my boyfriend
And Chen Yu'an wants to be with you
Don't hesitate to find someone to humiliate me
Now I have to find someone to replace this matter
And
Even the relatives I like
I was also robbed by you when we were about to meet
That's not true.
Don't talk nonsense
Lower bowl needle
You were the one who stole my stuff from start to finish
You are the one who steals things
I don't get it.
What do you have?
It's worth so many men dying for you
Because we are different
I never thought of them as clinging
dependent tools
Even if I am not the daughter of the Lu family today
Me, too.
I can live on my own efforts
This is the gap between you and me